manage node as service by systemd (#1128)
witnet/witnet-rust: systemd/README.md

> Refer to documentation [Run as systemd service](https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust/blob/master/docs/get-started/installation/from-source.md#run-as-systemd-service) to read the steps to create systemd service for witnet node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Run as systemd service](https://github.com/witnet/witnet-rust/blob/master/docs/get-started/installation/from-source.md#run-as-systemd-service) documentation to read the steps on how to create a `systemd` service for your Witnet node.
```

> Run runner.sh to download and install automatically witnet node latest version. It can also be used to update it to the latest version because it will keep the hiden directory and the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `runner.sh` to automatically download and install the latest version of the Witnet node software (`witnet-rust`). It can also be used to update it to the latest version because it will keep all the block chain data and the configuration file in the hidden `.witnet` directory.
```

> For Testnet 7.3 the configuration file has to be customized because special attention must be given to the new public_addr, which should contain their public IP and port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Testnet 7.3 and greater, the configuration file needs to be customized with the public IP and port of the node, which must be set at the `public_addr` field in `witnet.toml` .
```
